Protocol design changes (#12)
intarchboard/draft-use-it-or-lose-it: draft-thomson-use-it-or-lose-it.md

It is not always the case that future extensibility is in that set.

> ## Good Protocol Design is Frequently Not Sufficient

Reviewer: I don't think that this is necessary.

Though it is perhaps true that a good design can be sufficient, the premise/myth that this addresses is that good design is *always* sufficient.  On that basis, it would be sufficient to provide one counter-example.

Author: How about "is not itself sufficient"?

  they don't get widespread real-world testing until *after* the base protocol
  has been deployed for a while, and its deficiencies have become evident.

Indeed, basic interoperability is considered critical early in the

> deployment of a protocol.  Race-to-market attitudes frequent results in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment of a protocol.  Race-to-market attitudes frequently result in an
```

... but I think that there is a different way to state this:

> Market pressures that value timely deployment tend to incentivize development of basic interoperable functions over extension and version negotiation mechanisms.

Author: Market pressures that value timely and rapid deployment tend to incentivize development of the most needed interoperable functions over less frequently used extensions and error checking, such as in version negotiation mechanisms?

implemented that any hope for using the extension point it defines has been
abandoned {{SNI}}.

Requiring simplistic processing steps when encountering unknown
conditions, such as unsupported version numbers, can potentially
prevent these sorts of situations.  A counter example is the first
version of the Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP), where an

> unparsible and an authentication message are treated the same way be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unparseable and an authentication message are treated the same way by
```

the server: no response is generated {{?SNMPv1=RFC1157}}:

> It then verifies the version number of the SNMP message. If there is
  a mismatch, it discards the datagram and performs no further
  actions.

When SNMP versions 2, 2c and 3 came along, older agents did exactly

> what the protocol specfies should have done: dropped it from being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what the protocol specifies should have done: dropped it from being
```

specifically designed with intermediation in mind, transparent proxies
{{?HTTP=RFC7230}} are not only possible but sometimes advantageous, despite
some significant downsides.  Consequently, transparent proxies for cleartext
HTTP are commonplace.  The DNS protocol was designed with
intermediation in mind through its use of caching recursive
resolvers {{?DNS=RFC1034}}.  What was less anticipated was the forced

> spoofing of DNS records by many middle-boxes to inject authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spoofing of DNS records by many middleboxes.
```

Author: out of date

or pay-wall mechanisms as an authentication and authorization check,

> which are now prevalent in hotels, coffee shops and business networks.

Reviewer: This doesn't really cover all the reasons.  Spoofing can be "helpful", or it can be used to enforce policy as well.  Maybe the right thing to do here is to stop after "many middleboxes".

Author: I was trying to give an example that the reader would understand and latch on to as an example.  One of the issues I'm trying to address in many of my changes is to introduce specific examples, rather than references to protocols that they may not know the details of.  But your point is valid that it's not the only case.  How about s/to inject/such as those that inject/

Reviewer: SGTM

Author: changed
